fix(dynamic permissions): fix incorrect doc on dynamic permissions deactivation (#2607)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/runtime/pages/bonita-docker-installation.adoc

== Secure your remote access

This docker image ensures to activate by default static (all editions) and dynamic authorization checks (Subscription editions only) on xref:identity:rest-api-authorization.adoc[REST API]. To be coherent it also deactivates the HTTP API.

> But for specific needs, like calling directly the Runtime APIs without calling the REST APIs, you can override this behavior by setting HTTP_API to true:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But for specific needs, like exposing directly the Runtime APIs through HTTP (not to be mixed up with the REST API), you can override this behavior by setting HTTP_API to true:
```
